Here is the golden principle to follow:
The more active you are on social media, the more visitors you get for free and the more growth you will see in your affiliate marketing results.
Here are the top five channels that can help you increase the number of visitors and customers to your site:

Facebook:
There are three aspects of using FB to expand your audience:
Post twice (relative to your niche) to your own news feed
Start the Facebook page. Post 2-3 times a day and promote these articles.
Join Facebook groups related to your niche and contribute positively to those groups. Be careful not to attend more than 15 groups per day. Otherwise, FB will block your account.
Perform these 3 tasks regularly for a month and you will see an increase in your traffic.

Youtube:
Create niche-related videos, share your knowledge with the world, and then upload them to YouTube. These are the important points to consider:
If you are camera shy, you can write content on a PowerPoint slide and then read the text as you record. There are many free recording programs like Screen Castomatic.
Learn how to make SEO videos as it will increase your video in the rankings. It's very easy to do. Watch a YouTube video to find out how.
Create your own YouTube channel and you will get more subscribers every day.

Twitter:
Create your profile there and link to your site. Find people who share the same niche as you. Get used to following these people 20/30 a day. They will follow you and your audience will grow.
Pinterest:
Create a board and follow people who work in the same niche as you on Twitter. Add more pins daily to enrich your boards.

Daily blog:
Start writing a blog post every day and your blog will start killing everyone else on the list (as long as you take other factors into account as well) and you will see more traffic.
Important to remember: do not start working on all these channels at the same time. This way you will be exhausted and it will be difficult for you to deal with everything.
The results-driven strategy is to target one social media channel at a time each month. Try to build a solid foundation on this channel and try to increase the number of visitors.
